♪♪
♪ Welcome to my wicked world ♪
♪ Wicked world ♪
(camera shutter clicking)
Oh! (laughs)
I can't stop smiling!
I feel like
the Cheshire cat.
The smiling bit,
not the invisible bit.
Audrey, your dress
is a-mazing.
I love where you
put the jewel.
Thanks! And you look
so totes fab, Jor!
And I have no idea
what you just said.
Oh, I can't wait anymore!
I'm about to pop!
Where is everyone?
We need to start.
Oh, don't they
understand the importance
of the Jewel-bilee?
Forget the Jewel-bilee.
I'm talking about
my musical number!
Oh, where are they?
Why, thank you,
Your Majesty.
Yes, I do like
happily ever afters.
-(chuckles)
-(door opens)
-Mal: Ta-da.
-(gasps)
You look amaz'!
-I told you!
-Thanks.
But I still don't think
I'm up for the Jewel-bilee.
Come on. I'm sure
if we told them
about the whole evil-spell-
on-your-hidden-jewel thing,
they'd totally let you go.
No. (chuckles)
I don't want to make a scene.
Well, another scene.
I mean, besides,
I can't get my jewel anyway.
You know, it's cursed,
so what's the point?
Well, if you're not going,
then I'm not going.
I'd rather be here with you.
(chuckles)
You know, Evie,
you really are
the best friend
that I could ever hope for.
Aww.
So... now what?
You wanna try on my tiara?
(chuckles)
Yeah, uh, I think I'll pass.
Why aren't they here?
Well, you did
un-invite Mal.
It's a very merry
un-jewel-bilee for her.
I know that.
But what about Evie,
Freddie, and Jane?
You think they're okay?
Well, they won't be
when I get through with them.
-(stomps foot forcefully)
-Whoa!
-(buttons beeping)
-Got it.
Hurry! If we're late,
Audrey will smash us
like pumpkins!
-(all clamoring)
-Look!
Hey, who's tall,
dark, and turquoise over there?
Jane:
He's reaching
into the throne room!
Hey, fancy pants!
What are you doing over there?
Show yourself!
(shattering)
-Hey, where'd he go?
-(low hissing)
(all gasp)
Ugh. Not you.
What? Who is it?
Allow me to introductory myself.
I am Zevon, son of Yzma,
and your worst nightmare!